+++
date = "2007-11-11T07:53:11-08:00"
draft = false
title = "Installing Vista x64 on a ThinkPad X61T"
slug = "installing-vista-x64-on-a-thinkpad-x61t"
aliases = [
	"installing-vista-x64-on-a-thinkpad-x61t"
]
+++
<p>I re-installed Vista x64 (again). I'm posting this mostly as a record of what drivers I installed and in what order.</p>  <ol>   <li>Intel X3100 Video Driver </li>    <li>Intel Chipset Support Driver </li>    <li>Intel Matrix Storage manager Driver </li>    <li>Intel PRO Wireless Adapter Driver </li>    <li>ThinkPad Power Management Driver </li>    <li>ThinkVantage Active Protection System </li>    <li>Hotkey Driver </li>    <li>Intel Turbo Memory Driver* </li>    <li>Lenovo System Interface Driver </li>    <li>ThinkPad Keyboard Customizer </li>    <li>Tablet Button Driver </li>    <li>MultiTouch Driver </li>    <li>Registry Entry to Enable Device Initiated Power Management(DIPM) on SATA </li>    <li>Registry Patch to Improve USB Device Detection on Resume From Sleep </li>    <li>Registry Patch to Change IDLE IRP Timing by Fingerprint Reader Driver </li>    <li>Registry Patch to Enable USB S3 Power Management </li>    <li>ThinkVantage Fingerprint Software </li>    <li>Bluetooth </li>    <li>ThinkVantage Client Security Solution </li> </ol>  <p>While installing the Turbo memory Driver I got a blue screen. When the system rebooted, the Turbo Memory was installed, but ReadyBoost was disabled and ReadyDrive was pending. I have read that it is a little tricky getting them both turned on. I clicked the Enable ReadyBoost checkbox and was prompted to reboot. When the system rebooted, ReadyBoost was still disabled, so I enabled it again. The system rebooted and it was still disabled. I shut down the Turbo Memory Console and started it again and it showed ReadyBoost enabled and ReadyDrive still pending. I kept clicking on enable and after a couple of reboots they were both enabled.</p>  <p>The Fingerprint reader is working now, partially. I was able to register my fingerprints, and the password management software prompts me when I go to a website that needs a password. I am still unable to login to Windows with my fingerprint though. It tells me to swipe my finger, but it doesn't react. So, I am back to typing my password again. I'll keep messing with it for a while and post if I figure it out. In the mean time, if anyone knows how to get it working, let me know!</p>  <p><font color="#0000ff">Update: One more reboot was all it took to get the Fingerprint Reader working for the Windows Login.</font></p>