+++
date = "2005-08-30T01:31:16-07:00"
draft = false
title = "Tivo"
slug = "tivo"
aliases = [
	"tivo"
]
+++

        
		<p>
		</p>Well, I finally did it. I went out this past weekend and bought a <a href="http://markpit.com/blog/ct.ashx?id=be45795a-e05e-4668-9513-9ad088d2e0b2&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.tivo.com" _base_href="http://markpit.com/blog/">Tivo</a>.
I have been talking about building either a MythTV box or a Windows
MediaCenter box for quite a while now. I finally decided to just spend
the $200 and get an 80 hour Tivo Series 2 instead. A lot cheaper than
building a PC and it really does what I want anyway. Record TV, display
photos and play MP3s. I had a gift card from Best
Buy, so I bought it there. I originally bought a LinksysÂ  USB200M
10/100 ethernet adapter. It worked fine, but my network setup didn't
seem to work right. I have a Linksys WRT54G in my computer room. I
tried putting my old Linksys BEFSR41 router in my entertainment center
and I plugged in a Linksys WET11 (802.11b/Ethernet bridge) into the WAN
port. I assigned a different subnet to this network. The Tivo was able
to connect to the Tivo service through the network, but it was unable
to see my PC running the Tivo desktop software. When I just plug the
wireless bridge into the USB ethernet adapter it works fine and detects
the music and photos I shared on my desktop. So, I decided to take the
ethernet adapter back and get a Netgear WG111. It is a USB 802.11g
adapter. My Tivo is still running the 5.3 version of the software. I
requested an update to 7.1 and I am still waiting for it.
Unfortunately, since I took back the USB ethernet adapter, I have to
use the phone line to contact the Tivo service. I don't have a phone
jack near the Tivo, so I have been stringing a phone cable across the
room at night and then unplugging it in the morning. Hopefully the 7.1
update will happen soon! One issue though is that Tivo says only the <a href="http://markpit.com/blog/ct.ashx?id=be45795a-e05e-4668-9513-9ad088d2e0b2&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fcustomersupport.tivo.com%2fknowbase%2froot%2fpublic%2ftv2184.htm%3f" _base_href="http://markpit.com/blog/">WG111 V1 will work</a>, but I have a WG111 V2. I read some <a href="http://markpit.com/blog/ct.ashx?id=be45795a-e05e-4668-9513-9ad088d2e0b2&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.pvrblog.com%2fpvr%2f2005%2f02%2ftivo_80211g_sup.html%23c4007511" _base_href="http://markpit.com/blog/">posts</a> on different blogs that some people have had luck using the V2. I'm crossing my fingers! 
      